Expose deletion of AM config via /multitenant_alertmanager/delete_tenant_config (#3900)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: added metrics to chunk buffer pool behaviour. #3880
  * `cortex_bucket_store_chunk_pool_requested_bytes_total`
  * `cortex_bucket_store_chunk_pool_returned_bytes_total`

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Alertmanager now exposes new endpoint `/multitenant_alertmanager/delete_tenant_config` to delete configuration for tenant identified by `X-Scope-OrgID` header. This is internal endpoint, available even if Alertmanager API is not enabled by using `-experimental.alertmanager.enable-api`. #3900

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alertmanager: New endpoint `/multitenant_alertmanager/delete_tenant_config` to delete configuration for tenant identified by `X-Scope-OrgID` header. This is an internal endpoint, available even if Alertmanager API is not enabled by using `-experimental.alertmanager.enable-api`. #3900
```
